### Connect the classes for C++ Module registration to TMManagerDelegate

> Issue #49611 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49611)

Summary:
This Change connects the pod created previously to the `RCTTuboModuleManager` so that it can ask the delegate about the CxxTurboModuleProviders.

We had to introduce a `RCTFullTurboModuleManagerDelegate` that implements both the old `TurboModuleManagerDelegate` and the new Swift compatible one.

## Problem
As of today, it is not possible to create a pure C++ TM and to register it through a Swift AppDelegate

## Solution
We can create a pod that can be imported in a Swift AppDelegate and that offer some pure Objective-C classes.

These classes contains a provider that can be instantiated in Swift.

The TurboModule manager delegate will ask the AppDelegate about the presence of some provider that can instantiate a pure C++ turbomodule with a given name.

The provider has an empty interface, but the implementation contains a function that can actually instantiate the TM. The function is implemented in an Objective-C++ class that imports the pure C++ turbomodule and creates it.

The TMManager extends the provider through a category to attaach the signature of the function that is implemented by the provider.

The last diff in this stack contains an exaple on how to implement this.

## Changelog:
[iOS][Added] - Added the React-SwiftCompatibleNativeModules pod

Differential Revision: D70012142


---

### useWindowDimensions hook is  triggering reversed dimensions in ipad

> Issue #49511 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/49511)

### Description

Hi , useWindowDimensions hook is  triggering reversed dimensions in ipad when i change orientation. for portrait width of landscape is shown and vice versa.

### Steps to reproduce

just run below code  in ipad simulator

```
import { View, Text } from "react-native";
import { useWindowDimensions } from "react-native";

export default function ChatPage() {
  const { width } = useWindowDimensions();

  return (
    <View style={{ flex: 1, justifyContent: "center", alignItems: "center" }}>
      <Text>Chat Page {width}</Text>
    </View>
  );
}

```

### React Native Version

0.76.7

### Affected Platforms

Runtime - iOS

### Output of `npx @react-native-community/cli info`

```text
System:
  OS: macOS 15.3
  CPU: (8) arm64 Apple M2
  Memory: 165.47 MB / 8.00 GB
  Shell:
    version: "5.9"
    path: /bin/zsh
Binaries:
  Node:
    version: 22.13.1
    path: /usr/local/bin/node
  Yarn: Not Found
  npm:
    version: 10.9.2
    path: /usr/local/bin/npm
  Watchman: Not Found
Managers:
  CocoaPods:
    version: 1.16.2
    path: /opt/homebrew/bin/pod
SDKs:
  iOS SDK:
    Platforms:
      - DriverKit 24.2
      - iOS 18.2
      - macOS 15.2
      - tvOS 18.2
      - visionOS 2.2
      - watchOS 11.2
  Android SDK: Not Found
IDEs:
  Android Studio: 2024.2 AI-242.23339.11.2421.12700392
  Xcode:
    version: 16.2/16C5032a
    path: /usr/bin/xcodebuild
Languages:
  Java:
    version: 23.0.1
    path: /usr/bin/javac
  Ruby:
    version: 2.6.10
    path: /usr/bin/ruby
npmPackages:
  "@react-native-community/cli": Not Found
  react:
    installed: 18.3.1
    wanted: 18.3.1
  react-native:
    installed: 0.76.7
    wanted: 0.76.7
  react-native-macos: Not Found
npmGlobalPackages:
  "*react-native*": Not Found
Android:
  hermesEnabled: Not found
  newArchEnabled: Not found
iOS:
  hermesEnabled: Not found
  newArchEnabled: Not found
```

### Stacktrace or Logs

```text
No errors
```

### Reproducer

https://snack.expo.dev/@adjmpw/incorrect-usewindowdimensions

### Screenshots and Videos

_No response_

---

### Migrate `ReactClippingViewGroup` to Kotlin

> Issue #49413 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49413)

## Summary:

Migrate com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactClippingViewGroup to Kotlin

## Changelog:

[INTERNAL] - Migrate com.facebook.react.uimanager.ReactClippingViewGroup to Kotlin

## Test Plan:

```bash
yarn test-android
yarn android
```

---

### Wire up native box shadow parsing

> Issue #49317 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49317)

Summary:
This hooks into `enableNativeCSSParsing()` to optionally bypass viewconfig processor, and lets us parse the raw strings (or objects composed of string) in native.

Right now, to not disturb too much while this is in experimentation, this is  just a facade over existing types and props storage, and we ignore any non-px lengths.

Also need to prepend 

Changelog: [Internal]

Reviewed By: joevilches

Differential Revision: D69337482




---

### Add transform that replaces requires with imports

> Issue #49228 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49228)

Summary: Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69247874




---

