### Add Example of usge in HelloWorld app

> Issue #49610 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49610)

Summary:
donotcommit

This change is an example of usage of how an App can register a pure C++ TM through this mechanism.

It basically implements the guide [here](https://reactnative.dev/docs/next/the-new-architecture/pure-cxx-modules), adding a couple of steps:
- The implementation of the CxxTurboModuleProvider
- The creation of a bridging header file

It also show how to register the module in the Swift AppDelegate

## Problem
As of today, it is not possible to create a pure C++ TM and to register it through a Swift AppDelegate

## Solution
We can create a pod that can be imported in a Swift AppDelegate and that offer some pure Objective-C classes.

These classes contains a provider that can be instantiated in Swift.

The TurboModule manager delegate will ask the AppDelegate about the presence of some provider that can instantiate a pure C++ turbomodule with a given name.

The provider has an empty interface, but the implementation contains a function that can actually instantiate the TM. The function is implemented in an Objective-C++ class that imports the pure C++ turbomodule and creates it.

The TMManager extends the provider through a category to attaach the signature of the function that is implemented by the provider.

The last diff in this stack contains an exaple on how to implement this.

## Changelog:
[iOS][Added] - Added the React-SwiftCompatibleNativeModules pod

Differential Revision: D70012738


---

### Throw exception with name of TurboModule instead of deadlock during sync rendering

> Issue #49509 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49509)

Summary:
Currently if we hit a deadlock in sync rendering due to a TurboModule initialization that requires main queue setup we don't get any information about which TurboModule caused the issue.

To help us know which TurboModules we need to fix, this instead will crash with the name of the TurboModule.

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69805065




---

### Back out "Back out "Back out "[RN][CSS] Wire up native box shadow parsing"""

> Issue #49412 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49412)

Summary: Changelog: [Internal]

Reviewed By: alanleedev

Differential Revision: D69619783




---

### <react/renderer/css> OSS build logic

> Issue #49316 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49316)

Summary:
This hooks up some build logic for `react/renderer/css`. A bit funky right now since header only, and might need to change later (it isn't neccesarily guaranteed to be header only in the future).

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69426450




---

### Improve input files for codegen gradle task

> Issue #49227 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49227)

## Summary:

In some projects we have conventions of using .tsx extension even for files without react components, we had issues where codegen wasn't updated properly.

I debugged the files included in a large project and made some improvements:

- Include tsx and jsx files
- exclude nested node_modules
- exclude ts type def files

## Changelog:

[ANDROID] [FIXED] - Improve input files for codegen gradle task

## Test Plan:

Tested in a large app using codegen. I inspected the files that are included in the task inputs and made sure it works with first party and 3rd party modules.

---

