### Do not log errors when the native module is missing if TurboModules are not used

> Issue #49974 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49974)

Summary:
Changelog: [internal]

The feature flag system currently logs an error when trying to access common feature flags (flags accessible from everywhere but defined in native) from JS if the native module isn't available.

This forces a pattern in code to check if the module is available before accessing certain feature flags, to avoid showing that error to users in the legacy architecture.

This removes the need for that pattern by adding the check in the feature flag infra itself. If TM infra isn't available, we return default values and don't log the error.

Reviewed By: rozele

Differential Revision: D70975412




---

### add fantom test for view culling inside <Modal />

> Issue #49860 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49860)

Summary:
changelog: [internal]

now that Fantom supports tests with <Modal />, add a test to cover scenario where <ScrollView /> is inside of <Modal />.

Differential Revision: D70696834




---

### Migrate `PositionAndSizeAnimation` to Kotlin

> Issue #49756 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49756)

## Summary:

Migrate com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.PositionAndSizeAnimation to Kotlin.

## Changelog:

[INTERNAL] - Migrate com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.PositionAndSizeAnimation to Kotlin

## Test Plan:

```bash
yarn test-android
yarn android
```

---

### Generalize native module registration to nativeModules

> Issue #49653 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49653)

Summary:
This change generalizes the C++ Module registration approach to register also native modules through Codegen.

This allow us to fully remove macros like `RCT_EXPORT_MODULE`.

## Problem
As of today, it is not possible to create a pure C++ TM and to register it through a Swift AppDelegate

## Solution
We can create a pod that can be imported in a Swift AppDelegate and that offer some pure Objective-C classes.

These classes contains a provider that can be instantiated in Swift.

The TurboModule manager delegate will ask the AppDelegate about the presence of some provider that can instantiate a pure C++ turbomodule with a given name.

The provider has an empty interface, but the implementation contains a function that can actually instantiate the TM. The function is implemented in an Objective-C++ class that imports the pure C++ turbomodule and creates it.

The TMManager extends the provider through a category to attaach the signature of the function that is implemented by the provider.

The last diff in this stack contains an exaple on how to implement this.

## Changelog:
[iOS][Added] - Generalize the mechanism to register Cxx turbomodules to NativeModules

Differential Revision: D70119870


---

### Add dummy cpp for renderercss

> Issue #49553 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49553)

Summary:
The new React-renderercss pod is an header only pod. These are not allowed by Cocoapods, because it will not materialize the framework when building with then turned on.

the solution is to just add an empty source file to frorce cocoapods to materialize the .framework file and solve the dependency graph properly.

## Chagelog:
[Internal] - Add dummy file to React-renderercss

Differential Revision: D69920318




---

### Remove `com.facebook.react.modules.network.TLSSocketFactory` class

> Issue #49457 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49457)

## Summary:

As part of the initiative to reduce the public API surface, I found that this class is not used in the codebase and can be removed.

[GH search for TLSSocketFactory](https://github.com/search?type=code&q=NOT+is%3Afork+NOT+org%3Afacebook+NOT+repo%3Areact-native-tvos%2Freact-native-tvos+NOT+repo%3Anuagoz%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3A2lambda123%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3Abeanchips%2Ffacebookreactnative+NOT+repo%3AfabOnReact%2Freact-native-notes+NOT+user%3Ahuntie+NOT+repo%3AMaxdev18%2Fpowersync_app+NOT+repo%3Acarter-0%2Finstagram-decompiled+NOT+repo%3Am0mosenpai%2Finstadamn+NOT+repo%3AA-Star100%2FA-Star100-AUG2-2024+NOT+repo%3Alclnrd%2Fdetox-scrollview-reproductible+NOT+repo%3ADionisisChytiris%2FWorldWiseTrivia_Main+NOT+repo%3Apast3l%2Fhi2+NOT+repo%3AoneDotpy%2FCaribouQuest+NOT+repo%3Abejayoharen%2Fdailytodo+NOT+repo%3Amolangning%2Freversing-discord+NOT+repo%3AScottPrzy%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3Agabrieldonadel%2Freact-native-visionos+NOT+repo%3AGabriel2308%2FTestes-Soft+NOT+repo%3Adawnzs03%2FflakyBuild+NOT+repo%3Acga2351%2Fcode+NOT+repo%3Astreeg%2Ftcc+com.facebook.react.modules.network.TLSSocketFactory) – this class has some OSS usages, but all the ones I found are from old/non-active repos so that's why I think it is safe to remove but should be marked as [BREAKING] at the same time.

## Changelog:

[ANDROID] [BREAKING] - Remove com.facebook.react.modules.network.TLSSocketFactory class

## Test Plan:

```sh
yarn test-android
yarn android
```


---

### Add code to keep only required files for dependencies

> Issue #49360 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49360)

Summary:
We don't need the whole dependencies archiveto build the dependencies. But usually we only need a subset of them.

This change add a functionality to the script to remove the unnecessary files.

## Changelog:
[Internal] - Add feature to remove unnecessary files from 3p dependencies.

Differential Revision: D69518656




---

### avoid copy of shadowView in Differentiator

> Issue #49268 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49268)

Summary:
changelog: [internal]

ShadowView has three shared_ptr and copying those can be avoided here. Let's use std::move.

Differential Revision: D69303346




---

