### Fix TMManager moduleProviderForName

> Issue #49835 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49835)

Summary:
The implementation of moduleProviderForName is slightly off.

This method was supposed to replace the previous ternary expression and to enhance with the module provider call.

The ternary expression used to be
```
!RCTTurboModuleInteropEnabled() || [self _isTurboModule:moduleName] ? [self _provideObjCModule:moduleName] : nil
```

However, as you can see from the current implementation, instead of calling `RCTTurboModuleInteropEnabled()` we are calling `RCTTurboModuleEnabled()` which is clearly a mistake.

On top of that, I'm also updating the guard around the `getModuleProvider` selector as it was bypassing the other checks, and that's wrong.

## Changelog:
[Internal] - Fix moduleProviderForName method

Reviewed By: RSNara

Differential Revision: D70569552




---

### Reorder the contents in ReactAccessibilityDelegate.java to be more logical

> Issue #49735 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49735)

Summary:
I always get confused when I open this file. One of the main reasons is the order of contents is quite random, so I decided to reorder things. I tried to find a style guide on this but the [google ones](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s3.4.2-ordering-class-contents) really just say do something that is logical so...

In general what I did was

* All instance variables, class variables, class constants, etc. are at the top of the class
* The constructor, `setDelegate`, `resetDelegate` methods are at the top of the class since these all deal with creating or destroying instances of this class
* Nested enums towards the bottom of the class so they are not in the way of people trying to reason about the methods and other contents (they are quite long)
* Delete random extra spaces / unneeded comments
* Move some private methods to be closer to the public methods that call them

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D70345882




---

### Optional post-transform pipeline for .d.ts files generated by build-types script

> Issue #49634 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49634)

Summary: Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69992512




---

### '[skip ci] [RN][Android] Sort kotlin modifier to canonical order

> Issue #49533 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49533)

Summary:
Android Studio is telling us that those modifiers are not sorted according to the '\''canonical order'\''.
This is quite annoying while editing so I'\''m sorthing them all using the IDE inspection.
We should add a rule inside ktfmt for this, but that'\''s another work.

Changelog:
[Internal] [Changed] -

Differential Revision: D69857730


---

### Add function to package the xcframework

> Issue #49434 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49434)

Summary:
This change adds a function to create the xcframework sarting from the various .framework's slice built before.

## Changelog:
[Internal] - Add function to create the xcframework

Differential Revision: D69660662




---

### Add a healthy number of inital e2e tests

> Issue #49338 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49338)

Summary:
This doesn't cover all cases, but is a good start.

Where relevant, I call out inline places where there are KPs with LogBox that will be fixed separately.

## Changelog

Changelog: [internal]

Reviewed By: rubennorte

Differential Revision: D69443040




---

### Align AppState types with TypeScript definitions

> Issue #49248 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49248)

Summary: Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69176965




---

