### Add a test case ensuring touch events are dispatched to views overflowing ScrollView content container

> Issue #49967 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49967)

Summary: Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D71030561




---

### Fix Recycling of Animated Images

> Issue #49850 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49850)

Summary:
`RCTUIImageViewAnimated` has some bugs around reuse.

1. Recycling will set `image` to null, which will no-op on comparison to `self.image`, but `self.image` is always null when the image is animated, because  `RCTUIImageViewAnimated` handles rendering the frames itself. This means we don't properly do things like invalidating the DisplayLink when the image is first recycled.

2. If we ever set superclass image to nil, we make some change to the underlying CALayer, which causes the content to remain black, even though we customize our own `displayLayer`. Diffing layer descriptions, we seem to afterward have a `contentsMultiplyColor` and `contentsSwizzle` on the layer that aren't public.

The solution I have in this diff is to, instead of drawing layers ourselves, update backing UIImage image to the frame. I think this would fix some other bugs as well, like tintColor not applying to animated images. My guess is that this shouldn't add too much extra work, since `UIImageView` should just be propagating the `UIImage` to the layer in a same way that we were before. This same bug may have also been possible before when switching between animated and non-animated image sources I think.

Changelog:
[iOS][Fixed] - Fix Recycling of Animated Images

Differential Revision: D70668516




---

### Configure gradle to publish RNDependencies to Maven

> Issue #49749 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49749)

Summary:
This change configures gradle and CI to properly publish the RNDependencies artifacts to Maven Central

## Changelog
[Internal] - Configure gradle to publish on Maven Central

Differential Revision: D70390191




---

### add arguments to command logs

> Issue #49646 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49646)

Summary:
changelog: [internal]

- Log command arguments so they can be asserted against in tests.

Use this in a TextInput test and add a test to check whether view command accidentally resets TextInput value to empty.

Reported: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/49368?fbclid=IwZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAR2KUbc5F17NIX_WSJ_ojyUHQrR5UyASfSbkPl05nTj1tRV9knPI7GIFNmE_aem_O2I1F5tZTsvRX9anpv7gMg

Differential Revision: D70098109




---

### Add validation to Fabric parsing for transform and transformOrigin objects

> Issue #49546 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49546)

Summary:
Right now we rely on the ViewConfig processor to fire an invariant if the values are incorrect. We really don't want to redbox in the future on invalid properties, and this won't be around for the native CSS parsing path.

This code has some problems, like... radian parsing allowing potential out-of-bounds reads, firing a native assert for valid 9 digit matrices, or the layers in conjunction treating `0.5r.degoggos00` as a valid way to say 0.5 radians. Wheeee!

This change mostly just ports over the checks from `processTransform` to validate parameters before we use them, treating the whole transform list as invalid if any part of it is broken. I moved radian and percentage parsing the the CSS data type parsers as well.

I avoided changing props structures again here.

Changelog:

[General][Changed] - Add validation to Fabric parsing for transform options

Reviewed By: javache

Differential Revision: D69823064




---

### RNGP - Add option to disable bundle compression (was: Make all React Native apps start 12% faster)

> Issue #49449 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49449)

<!-- Thanks for submitting a pull request! We appreciate you spending the time to work on these changes. Please provide enough information so that others can review your pull request. The three fields below are mandatory. -->

## Summary:

Okay the title is a bit clickbaity, but this is actually true. (on Android)

We (Janic, Szymon, Ruby and Me) discovered something interesting. React Native uses `mmap` for mapping the JS bundle to RAM, to avoid having to load the entire thing instantly at app startup.
Ruby doubted that this was true - so we investigated.

Apparently on Android, resources are **compressed**. And if the JS bundle is stored compressed, it has to be uncompressed before it can be loaded into RAM, hence not allowing it to be mmapp'ed! (see [`_CompressedAsset::getBuffer`](https://cs.android.com/android/platform/superproject/+/master:frameworks/base/libs/androidfw/Asset.cpp;l=903?q=Asset.cpp))

So with this PR, we now add `.bundle` files to `noCompress` in the react-native gradle plugin, which disables compression for the JS bundle.

We discovered while improving the performance of one of our clients: **Discord**.
In our tests, **this improved the TTI of the Discord app by 400ms!! (or 12%)** 🤯🚀 

NOTE: Yes, the .apk will now be bigger. But; Google Play compresses it anyways, so the **download size** of your .apk will likely not increase by much. It will be bigger on disk though.

<!-- Explain the **motivation** for making this change. What existing problem does the pull request solve? -->

## Changelog:

[ANDROID] [CHANGED] Add option to disable bundle compression to improve startup time

<!-- Help reviewers and the release process by writing your own changelog entry.

Pick one each for the category and type tags:

[ANDROID|GENERAL|IOS|INTERNAL] [BREAKING|ADDED|CHANGED|DEPRECATED|REMOVED|FIXED|SECURITY] - Message

For more details, see:
https://reactnative.dev/contributing/changelogs-in-pull-requests
-->

## Test Plan:

### 1. Verify compression is disabled

Build two apps, one with this patch and one without. When I did this using the RN community template, the one without this patch was 47,6 MB, and the one with this patch was 48 MB in size. So the .apk got bigger, which is what we expected

### 2. Verify app startup is faster

Use tools like react-native-performance or custom markers to measure TTI. In our tests, we shaved off 400ms from the startup time, which was about 12% of Discord's total TTI. (on a low-end Android device)
In Expensify, we improved the TTI by 14-20% with this change (source: https://github.com/Expensify/App/pull/56930)

<!-- Demonstrate the code is solid. Example: The exact commands you ran and their output, screenshots / videos if the pull request changes the user interface. -->


---

### Add PermissionsAndroid to buildTypes and align Flow with TS types

> Issue #49352 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49352)

Summary:
Changelog:
[Internal] - Added PermissionsAndroid to buildTypes and align Flow with TS types.

Reviewed By: huntie

Differential Revision: D69464744




---

### Update monorepo Jest to 29.7.0

> Issue #49261 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49261)

Summary:
Update the version of Jest used in React Native and Metro's own tests from `^29.6.3` to `^29.7.0`

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69307514




---

