### Migrate `BaseLayoutAnimation` to Kotlin

> Issue #49962 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49962)

## Summary:

Migrate com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.BaseLayoutAnimation to Kotlin.

## Changelog:

[INTERNAL] - Migrate com.facebook.react.uimanager.layoutanimation.BaseLayoutAnimation to Kotlin

## Test Plan:

```bash
yarn test-android
yarn android
```

---

### fix a crash in Fabric View Culling when wrapping view is unflattened

> Issue #49845 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49845)

Summary:
changelog: [internal]

Fixes a crash that occurs when culled view's ancestor is flattened/unflattened.

Differential Revision: D70620103




---

### '[skip ci] [RN][Android] Remove unnecessary -Wno-error=cpp

> Issue #49746 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49746)

Summary:
This flag is no longer necessary since RN 0.73 so I'\''m cleaning it up.

Changelog:
[Internal] [Changed] -

Reviewed By: rshest

Differential Revision: D70386741


---

### Align useAnimatedValue with OSS types

> Issue #49643 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49643)

Summary:
## Motivation
Modernising the RN codebase to allow for modern Flow tooling to process it.

## This diff
Aligns `useAnimatedValue.js` with its manual .d.ts types.

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D70096210




---

### Fix keyboard navigation for FlatList with `removeClippedSubviews` enabled

> Issue #49543 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49543)

Summary:
When using `ReactScrollView` or `ReactHorizontalScrollView` Views with `removeClippedSubviews` keyboard navigation didn't work.

This is because keyboard navigation relies on Android's View hierarchy to find the next focusable element. With `removeClippedSubviews` the next View might've been removed from the hierarchy.

With this change we delegate the job of figuring out the next focusable element to the Shadow Tree, which will always contain layout information of the next element of the ScrollView.

Changelog: [Fixed][Android] - Fix keyboard navigation on lists with `removeClippedSubviews` enabled

Differential Revision: D69618406




---

### Remove internal packages from public API

> Issue #49444 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49444)

Summary:
Remove internal packages from public API

changelog: [internal] internal

Reviewed By: arushikesarwani94, alanleedev

Differential Revision: D69675450




---

### Add more coverage for $ReadOnlyArray<UnsafeMixed> in component codegen

> Issue #49349 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49349)

Summary:
Follow-up on D69454101 to add more test coverage for `$ReadOnlyArray<UnsafeMixed>` as a component prop. The new type was missing from the CodegenSchema, which revealed some gaps in tests.

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69488035




---

### Add module resolution to build-types

> Issue #49257 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49257)

Summary:
Adds minimal dependency resolution to `yarn build-types`.

- This enables us to opt in React Native APIs by entry point, with the build script resolving all necessary dependencies. Improves correctness and removes concern of globbing paths manually.

Other notes:

- The `ActionSheetIOS.js` entry point is temporarily disabled as input; needs further work.

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69255015




---

