### Reland: Wire up native box shadow parsing

> Issue #49503 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49503)

Summary:
Relanding this change, now checking for the existing of FeatureFlags native module before checking it, with the assumption when the native module is unavailable (legacy arch) we will never do native processing, or even use the SVC.

This aligns with the approach taken in `setupTimers` for the event loop, but is probably not the right long term solution for flags API.

This also inlines a couple fixes originally up the stack, of missing propagation of inline state, and missing the gating in ReactNativeStyleAttributes.

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69804412




---

### Migrate Utilities/infoLog, Utilities/logError, Utilities/mapWithSeparator & Utilities/warnOnce to use export syntax

> Issue #49406 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49406)

Summary:
## Motivation
Modernising the RN codebase to allow for modern Flow tooling to process it.

## This diff
- Migrates Utilities/infoLog, Utilities/logError, Utilities/mapWithSeparator & Utilities/warnOnce to use the export syntax.
- Updates deep-imports of these files to use `.default`
- Updates the current iteration of API snapshots (intended).

Changelog:
[General][Breaking] - Deep imports to `Utilities/infoLog`, `Utilities/logError`, `Utilities/mapWithSeparator` or `Utilities/warnOnce` with `require` syntax need to be appended with '.default'.

Differential Revision: D69601174




---

### remove unused macros from Differentiator

> Issue #49310 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49310)

Summary:
changelog: [internal]

These macros were unused, let's remove them.

Differential Revision: D69402801




---

### fix: move view flattening props to cross platform type interface

> Issue #49220 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49220)

## Summary:

Hey!

Since new architecture introduced View Flattening on iOS, props responsible for disabling this feature on specific views should be defined in cross platform interface.

Reference: https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-new-architecture/discussions/110

## Changelog:

[GENERAL] [CHANGED] - move view flattening props to cross platform type interface

## Test Plan:

N/A


---

