### Bump packages for next release

> Issue #49972 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49972)

Summary:
Follows the recent `0.79-stable` branch cut.

Changelog: [Internal] - Bump all packages to `0.80.0-main`

Reviewed By: cortinico

Differential Revision: D70976555




---

### Correctly propagate prepareToRecycleView return value

> Issue #49858 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49858)

Summary:
`prepareToRecycleView` returns nullable, since we may decide a view is not recyclable. We should respect that and return the view returned by super.

Changelog: [Internal]

Reviewed By: fabriziocucci

Differential Revision: D70696246




---

### Add TS definition for inputAccessoryViewButtonLabel

> Issue #49754 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49754)

## Summary:

Add TS definition for inputAccessoryViewButtonLabel. `inputAccessoryViewButtonLabel` was implemented in https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/47441

## Changelog:

[INTERNAL] [CHANGED] - Add TS definition for inputAccessoryViewButtonLabel

## Test Plan:

-


---

### Add example with generalized module

> Issue #49651 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49651)

Summary:
donotcommit

This change adds an example with a Native TM and a Cxx turbomodule at the same time, registered using the new codegen mechanism.

## Problem
As of today, it is not possible to create a pure C++ TM and to register it through a Swift AppDelegate

## Solution
We can create a pod that can be imported in a Swift AppDelegate and that offer some pure Objective-C classes.

These classes contains a provider that can be instantiated in Swift.

The TurboModule manager delegate will ask the AppDelegate about the presence of some provider that can instantiate a pure C++ turbomodule with a given name.

The provider has an empty interface, but the implementation contains a function that can actually instantiate the TM. The function is implemented in an Objective-C++ class that imports the pure C++ turbomodule and creates it.

The TMManager extends the provider through a category to attaach the signature of the function that is implemented by the provider.

The last diff in this stack contains an exaple on how to implement this.

## Changelog:
[Internal] - Add example with a Cxx TM and a Native TM

Differential Revision: D70121989


---

### remove incorrect call of removeObserver from RCTDeviceInfo

> Issue #49551 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49551)

Summary:
changelog: [internal]


in recent commit, https://github.com/facebook/react-native/commit/470bc4088957920aa55c8e5ccf3c9f4259c0694c, use of KVO was removed. 
But `removeObserver` when `addObserver` was not called leads to a crash and must be removed as well.

Differential Revision: D69918158




---

### [iOS] Fix force RTL support on new architecture.

> Issue #49455 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49455)

## Summary



This fixes an issue in Fabric where changing the layout direction and then reloading the JS bundle did not honor the layout direction until the app was restarted on iOS. This now calls  `_updateLayoutContext` whenever RCTSurfaceView is recreated which happens on bundle reload. This is not an issue on the old architecture because the layout direction is determined within the [SurfaceViews](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/acdddef48eb60b002c954d7d2447cb9c2883c8b3/packages/react-native/React/Views/RCTRootShadowView.m#L18) which were recreated on bundle reload.


## Related Issues:
- https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals/issues/847
- #49451 
- #48311 
- #45661 

## How can we take this further?
If we want to make it so that it doesn't require an entire bundle reload for RTL to take effect I believe these are the steps that would need to be taken:
- Make it so [RCTI18nManager](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/acdddef48eb60b002c954d7d2447cb9c2883c8b3/packages/react-native/React/CoreModules/RCTI18nManager.mm#L52) exports isRTL as a method instead of consts
- Send Notification Center notif when RTL is forced on or off
- Listen for that notification RCTSurfaceView and call _updateLayoutContext similar to UIContentSizeCategoryDidChangeNotification. 


## Changelog:

[iOS] [FIXED] - Layout direction changes are now honored on bundle reload.

<!-- Help reviewers and the release process by writing your own changelog entry.

Pick one each for the category and type tags:


For more details, see:
https://reactnative.dev/contributing/changelogs-in-pull-requests
-->

## Test Plan:

On the new architecture change force the layout direction and reload the bundle:
``` 
import React, { useCallback } from "react";
import { Button, I18nManager, StyleSheet, Text, View } from "react-native";
import RNRestart from "react-native-restart";

export default function Explore() {
    const onApplyRTL = useCallback(() => {
        if (!I18nManager.isRTL) {
            I18nManager.forceRTL(true);
            RNRestart.restart();
        }
    }, []);

    const onApplyLTR = useCallback(() => {
        if (I18nManager.isRTL) {
            I18nManager.forceRTL(false);
            RNRestart.restart();
        }
    }, []);

    return (
        <View style={styles.area}>
            <Text>Test Block</Text>
            <View style={styles.testBlock}>
                <Text>Leading</Text>
                <Text>Trailing</Text>
            </View>
            <Button title={"Apply RTL"} onPress={onApplyRTL} />
            <Button title={"Apply LTR"} onPress={onApplyLTR} />
        </View>
    );
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
    area: {
        marginVertical: 50,
        paddingHorizontal: 24,
    },
    testBlock: {
        paddingVertical: 10,
        flexDirection: "row",
        justifyContent: "space-between",
    },
});

```

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0eab0d79-de3f-4eeb-abd0-439ba4fe25c0



---

### increase ping-pong timeout before killing WS connection to DevTools

> Issue #49358 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49358)

Summary:
When the network is under strain, the code responsible for detecting if the inspector proxy's connection to the client has been lost may incorrectly assume the connection is dead. This false positive occurs because the system assumes that if a pong is not received within 5 seconds of a ping, the other side has disconnected. However, I was able to consistently reproduce scenarios where a delay of more than 5 seconds (even more than 20 seconds) was followed by a return to normal ping-pong communication without any issues.

Since I can't think of any issues with increasing this number, I'm increasing it to 60s.

Changelog:
[General][Fixed] - Disconnections of DevTools when the network is under significant strain.

Reviewed By: robhogan

Differential Revision: D69523906




---

### Migrate Libraries/PushNotificationIOS to use export syntax

> Issue #49266 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49266)

Summary:
Modernise codebase to enable flow-api-translator digest it. The diff fixes Flow errors produced by this change and updates the snap.

Changelog:
[General][Breaking] - Deep imports to PushNotificationIOS with `require` syntax may need to be appended with `.deafult`.

Differential Revision: D69309391




---

