### Connect ReactNativeDependencies with ios jobs

> Issue #49978 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49978)

Summary:
This change connects the RNDependencies we prebuild in CI with the other iOS jobs we have.

By doing so, we aim to speed up the build time in CI, saving time and money.

## Changelog:
[Internal] - Connect the ReactNativeDependencies in CI

Differential Revision: D71034587


---

### Remove views from their parent on recycle (#49851)

> Issue #49865 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49865)

Summary:

Android doesn't allow to mount a view that already has a parent. View recycling removes all children from a view. But if some views don't support recycling, they'll keep a reference to their children. Children being recycled will cause an exception when being mounted.

This diff removes the view from its parent when it is being recycled. This guarantees that whatever the parent, the view can be mounted after being recycled.

Changelog: [Internal]

Reviewed By: sammy-SC

Differential Revision: D70672120




---

### Mark all LayoutAnination classes as LegacyArchitecture

> Issue #49761 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49761)

Summary: LayoutAnination classes are not used on the new architecture, this diff marks the as LegacyArchitecture to drive its removal

Differential Revision: D70410096




---

### Fallback to fbsystrace when Perfetto is not available

> Issue #49657 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49657)

Summary:
For some use-cases we still want to log using the internal fbsystrace API which allows backdating of events.

This feels a bit weird putting it in `ReactPerfettoLogger`, but maybe we should rename that to something like `TraceLogger` (like we have `TraceSection`).

Changelog: [Internal]

Reviewed By: rshest

Differential Revision: D70109680




---

### chore(community-cli-plugin): Drop shadowed readline module

> Issue #49557 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49557)

<!-- Thanks for submitting a pull request! We appreciate you spending the time to work on these changes. Please provide enough information so that others can review your pull request. The three fields below are mandatory. -->

## Summary:

While `readline` is referenced in `packages/community-cli-plugin/src/commands/start/attachKeyHandlers.js`, this references the `node:readline` module by default. The extra package seems to have been installed and included accidentally, as the `attachKeyHandlers` file uses an export from `node:readline` that's never been present in `npm:readline`.

Since the name matches but Node.js will always prefer built-in/code modules, this dependency is dangling and can never be reached, since it's name is shadowed (as also stated in their readme). This can be reproduced by comparing `require('readline')` and `require('../../node_modules/readline')` in `packages/community-cli-plugin`. The flow types also confirm this.

This overall seems highly safe to drop.

## Changelog:

[INTERNAL] [CHANGED] - Remove shadowed and unused readline npm package from community-cli-plugin

## Test Plan:

Prior to changes applied:

```sh
$ node -e 'console.log(require("readline") === require("node:readline"))'
true
```


---

### Consolidate mode files in xplat/mode/react-native

> Issue #49463 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49463)

Summary:
We've started accumulating mode-files in many different directories, group them all under xplat/mode/react-native for consistency

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D69658995


---

### Cleanup react-native-info package

> Issue #49364 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49364)

Summary:
We're not actively using/maintaining this package. Let's clean it up.
We can still restore if necessary.

Changelog:
[Internal] [Changed] -

Differential Revision: D69533629




---

### Fix issue where scaling transform + box shadow break the shadow

> Issue #49272 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49272)

Summary:
Turns out bounds does not account for the proper size if a scaling transform is applied while frame does. Using the example listed in https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/49134, the size of the frame is the expected 240, but the size of the bounds is 200.

We had a mismatch where we use bounds everywhere in shadow image creation, but use the frame when asking for the size of the box shadow layer. What ends up happening is we have a 240x240 layer that is getting scaled again.

I refactored the shadow creation to just take a CGSize instead of a whole CALayer (which we had only used for its size anyway) so that we can be consistent with frame and bounds, and use bounds everywhere so that we only scale once.

Differential Revision: D69320213




---

