### extract event loop perf tracking to its own file

> Issue #49985 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49985)

Summary:
Changelog:
[General][Internal] extract event loop perf tracking to its own file

Reviewed By: robhogan

Differential Revision: D70970397




---

### Handle null params in the Interop TM layer

> Issue #49873 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49873)

Summary:
In the old architecture, when we were passing a `null` value as a parameter in a function that accepted nullable parameter, the null value was mapped to `nil` on iOS.

After my changes in [d4236791e2](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/commit/d4236791e238a614d2fadf5c5659874d983ab029), in the New Architecture, through the interop layer, legacy modules were receiving an `NSNull` object instead of nil.

This was breaking those modules which started crashing or observing undesired behavior.

This change fixes the issue by making sure that, in those cases, a `nil` value is passed.

Note that nested objects in the old architecture were correctly receiving NSNull, so nested objects were behaving correctly already.

## Changelog:
[iOS][Fixed] - Properly pass `nil` for nullable parameters instead of `NSNull` for legacy modules

Differential Revision: D70723460




---

### Annotate as LegacyArchitecture classes from devSupport, internal and jsexecutor

> Issue #49766 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49766)

Summary:
Annotate as LegacyArchitecture classes from devSupport, internal and jsexecutor

changelog: [internal] internal

Differential Revision: D70441497


---

### Opening iOS OS update settings page directly from react native application

> Issue #49662 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/49662)

### Description

Hi i am trying to open iOS OS update page from my app. When our app is not supported in any OS version we want to show an alert and  trying to open os update settings from there.

### Steps to reproduce

we tried this below logic but its not working. Is this possible in iOS.
```
      const url = 'prefs:root=General&path=SOFTWARE_UPDATE_LINK';
        const supported = await Linking.canOpenURL(url);
        if (supported) {
          await Linking.openURL(url);
        } else {
          Alert.alert(
            'Error',
            'Unable to open general settings. URL scheme not supported.',
          );
        }
      }

### React Native Version

0.78

### Affected Platforms

Runtime - iOS

### Output of `npx @react-native-community/cli info`

```text
N/A
```

### Stacktrace or Logs

```text
N/A
```

### Reproducer

N/A

### Screenshots and Videos

_No response_

---

### Add Touchable to buildTypes and align Flow with TS types

> Issue #49562 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49562)

Summary:
Changelog:
[Internal]: Added Touchable to buildTypes and aligned Flow with TS types.

Reviewed By: huntie

Differential Revision: D69843245




---

### rtl to ltr not working on latest version(0.77) until manual refresh

> Issue #49468 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/49468)

### Description

Description

setTimeout(() => {
I18nManager.forceRTL(true);
RNRestart.Restart();
}, 200);

the same code worked on previous versions but when I updated my latest code to latest version 0.77 not working properly

"react-native-restart": "^0.0.27",

"react-native": "0.77",

### Steps to reproduce

setTimeout(() => {
I18nManager.forceRTL(true);
RNRestart.Restart();
}, 200);

the same code worked on previous versions but when I updated my latest code to latest version 0.77 not working properly

### React Native Version

0.77.0

### Affected Platforms

Runtime - iOS

### Output of `npx @react-native-community/cli info`

```text
warn Package react-native-sqlite-storage contains invalid configuration: "dependency.platforms.ios.project" is not allowed. Please verify it's properly linked using "npx react-native config" command and contact the package maintainers about this.
info Fetching system and libraries information...
System:
  OS: macOS 15.2
  CPU: (10) arm64 Apple M4
  Memory: 743.67 MB / 16.00 GB
  Shell:
    version: "5.9"
    path: /bin/zsh
Binaries:
  Node:
    version: 23.6.1
    path: /opt/homebrew/bin/node
  Yarn:
    version: 1.22.22
    path: /opt/homebrew/bin/yarn
  npm:
    version: 10.9.2
    path: ~/Desktop/tf-app/node_modules/.bin/npm
  Watchman:
    version: 2024.12.02.00
    path: /opt/homebrew/bin/watchman
Managers:
  CocoaPods:
    version: 1.16.2
    path: /opt/homebrew/bin/pod
SDKs:
  iOS SDK:
    Platforms:
      - DriverKit 24.2
      - iOS 18.2
      - macOS 15.2
      - tvOS 18.2
      - visionOS 2.2
      - watchOS 11.2
  Android SDK: Not Found
IDEs:
  Android Studio: Not Found
  Xcode:
    version: 16.2/16C5032a
    path: /usr/bin/xcodebuild
Languages:
  Java:
    version: 17.0.14
    path: /usr/bin/javac
  Ruby:
    version: 2.6.10
    path: /usr/bin/ruby
npmPackages:
  "@react-native-community/cli":
    installed: 15.0.1
    wanted: 15.0.1
  react:
    installed: 18.3.1
    wanted: ^18.3.1
  react-native:
    installed: 0.77.0
    wanted: ^0.77.0
  react-native-macos: Not Found
npmGlobalPackages:
  "*react-native*": Not Found
Android:
  hermesEnabled: true
  newArchEnabled: true
iOS:
  hermesEnabled: true
  newArchEnabled: true

info React Native v0.77.1 is now available (your project is running on v0.77.0).
info Changelog: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/releases/tag/v0.77.1
info Diff: https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/?from=0.77.0&to=0.77.1
info For more info, check out "https://reactnative.dev/docs/upgrading?os=macos".
asifraza@Asifs-Mac-mini tf-app %
```

### Stacktrace or Logs

```text
-
```

### Reproducer

-

### Screenshots and Videos

setTimeout(() => {
I18nManager.forceRTL(true);
RNRestart.Restart();
}, 200);

the same code worked on previous versions but when I updated my latest code to latest version 0.77 not working properly

"react-native-restart": "^0.0.27",

"react-native": "0.77",

---

### Migrate Utilities/BackHandler.*.js, Utilities/DevLoadingView.js and Utilities/HMRClient*.js to use export syntax

> Issue #49369 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49369)

Summary:
## Motivation
Modernising the RN codebase to allow for modern Flow tooling to process it.

## This diff
- Migrates `Libraries/Utilities/BackHandler.*.js`, `Utilities/DevLoadingView.js` and `Utilities/HMRClient*.js` to use the export syntax.
- Updates deep-imports of these files to use `.default`
- Updates jest mocks
- Updates the current iteration of API snapshots (intended).

Changelog:
[General][Breaking] - Deep imports to `Libraries/Utilities/BackHandler`, `Utilities/DevLoadingView.js` or `Utilities/HMRClient*.js` with `require` syntax needs to be appended with '.default'.

Differential Revision: D69539527


---

### Ensure filterLayer, backgroundImageLayer, and backgroundColorLayer are the same size/shape as the owning View

> Issue #49278 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49278)

Summary:
The previous diff (https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49272) fixed an issue where we used frame to get the size of a sublayer. This is problematic in that it scales things twice if a scaling transform is applied. I looked to see where else we do this and we have this problem (sometimes) with background color and filter. 

To fix this in the general case I created a helper to size a layer to the same shape as the View's layer - so using bounds for the size, (0,0) for position on the frame, and cornerRadius/mask for border radius considerations. The only 3 layers that should be the exact same size are backgroundColorLayer, backgroundImageLayer, and filterLayer

Differential Revision: D69321790




---

