### Bootstrap Fusebox NetworkReporter API

> Issue #49837 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49837)

Summary:
Bootstraps the `NetworkReporter` API and `jsinspector_network` library. This will form the common C++ logic for Network Inspection in React Native DevTools.

Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D70554862




---

### Refactor IntersectionObserver, MutationObserver and PerformanceObserver options as interfaces

> Issue #49737 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49737)

Summary:
Changelog: [internal]

Just a minor change to align with similar other option bags and TypeScript definitions.

Differential Revision: D70355669


---

### Add a pretransform replacing Stringish with string

> Issue #49636 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49636)

Summary: Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D70094483




---

### add unit test for view culling when parent has transform

> Issue #49535 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49535)

Summary:
changelog: [internal]

Add a unit test to cover scenario where ScrollView's parent has a transform

Differential Revision: D69860855




---

### Record Event Loop tasks

> Issue #49436 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49436)

Summary:
# Changelog: [Internal]

We will record event loop ticks and register corresponding `"RunTask"` Trace Event with our Trace Event engine.

Since this is hot path, I've added some gating under macros that are being used for Fusebox initialization.

There are also plans to add a public method to `PerformanceTracer` to get tracing status, so we could avoid cost of serialization / saving timestamps if trace is not being recorded. I believe rubennorte had plans on this, we will add it on top of that.

> Q: Why not add this to TraceSection?

Long-term, we will have a solution that will be one layer above TraceSection and this `EventLoopTaskReporterRAII`, it is risky now to modify existing `TraceSection` and rely on event names and attempt to map them to Trace Events.

Differential Revision: D69399955


---

### Make com.facebook.react.views.debuggingoverlay classes internal

> Issue #49341 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49341)

## Summary:

As part of the initiative to reduce the public API surface, this package can be internalized. I've checked there are no relevant OSS usages:

- [DebuggingOverlay](https://github.com/search?type=code&q=NOT+is%3Afork+NOT+org%3Afacebook+NOT+repo%3Areact-native-tvos%2Freact-native-tvos+NOT+repo%3Anuagoz%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3A2lambda123%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3Abeanchips%2Ffacebookreactnative+NOT+repo%3AfabOnReact%2Freact-native-notes+NOT+user%3Ahuntie+com.facebook.react.views.debuggingoverlay.DebuggingOverlay)
- [DebuggingOverlayManager](https://github.com/search?type=code&q=NOT+is%3Afork+NOT+org%3Afacebook+NOT+repo%3Areact-native-tvos%2Freact-native-tvos+NOT+repo%3Anuagoz%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3A2lambda123%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3Abeanchips%2Ffacebookreactnative+NOT+repo%3AfabOnReact%2Freact-native-notes+NOT+user%3Ahuntie+com.facebook.react.views.debuggingoverlay.DebuggingOverlayManager)
- [TraceUpdate](https://github.com/search?type=code&q=NOT+is%3Afork+NOT+org%3Afacebook+NOT+repo%3Areact-native-tvos%2Freact-native-tvos+NOT+repo%3Anuagoz%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3A2lambda123%2Freact-native+NOT+repo%3Abeanchips%2Ffacebookreactnative+NOT+repo%3AfabOnReact%2Freact-native-notes+NOT+user%3Ahuntie+com.facebook.react.views.debuggingoverlay.TraceUpdate)

## Changelog:

[INTERNAL] - Make com.facebook.react.views.debuggingoverlay classes internal

## Test Plan:

```bash
yarn test-android
yarn android
```

---

### Properly handle null values coming from JS

> Issue #49250 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49250)

Summary:
The TurboModule System decided to ignore the Null values when they are coming to JS. However, in iOS, null value can be mapped to `[NSNull null];` and this value is a valid value that can be used on the native side.

In the old architecture, when the user were sending a null value from JS to a native module, the Native side was receiving the value.

In the New Architecture, the value was stripped away.

This change allow us to handle the `null` value properly and reduce one of the Gaps between the old and the new architecture.

See discussion happening here: https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase/issues/8144#issuecomment-2548067344

This behavior was breaking some libraries that relies on checking wheter some values were null or not.

## Changelog:
[iOS][Changed] - Properly handle `null` values coming from NativeModules.

Differential Revision: D69301396




---

