### Remove the workaround used for measuring multiline text on iOS

> Issue #50028 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/50028)

Summary:
Changelog: [IOS][CHANGED] - Replace a workaround for measuring multiline text with `maximumNumberOfLines` on iOS with a proper solution

## Summary:

In https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49549 support for `numberOfLines` was added to iOS `TextInput`. Along that, a workaround for measuring multiline text with limited number of lines was added to avoid an edge case coming from `NSTextContainer` measuring empty lines even if they are over the line limit.

This PR handles that case properly by counting and measuring individual lines to properly handle the offending edge case.

Differential Revision: D71111841




---

### Migrate `ActivityEventListener` & `BaseActivityEventListener` to Kotlin

> Issue #49910 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49910)

## Summary:

Migrate com.facebook.react.bridge ActivityEventListener & BaseActivityEventListener to Kotlin.

## Changelog:

[INTERNAL] - Migrate com.facebook.react.bridge ActivityEventListener & BaseActivityEventListener to Kotlin

## Test Plan:

```bash
yarn test-android
yarn android
```

---

### Refactor ReactCommon to use `target_compile_reactnative_options`

> Issue #49803 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49803)

Summary:
This refactors the whole ReactCommon to use the `target_compile_reactnative_options` macro we just introduced.

Changelog:
[Internal] [Changed] -

Reviewed By: javache

Differential Revision: D70386740


---

### Type Node.textContent as non-nullable string

> Issue #49696 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49696)

Summary:
Changelog: [internal]

This is just a change for convenience, as Flow is currently typing `textContent` in `Node` as `string` instead of as `string | null` as we were doing.

Our behavior was more correct, as `Document` extends `Node` and it returns `null` in that case, but to ensure a smooth migration we'll adopt the existing definition.

Differential Revision: D70244963




---

### Update androidx app compat to 1.7.0

> Issue #49594 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49594)

<!-- Thanks for submitting a pull request! We appreciate you spending the time to work on these changes. Please provide enough information so that others can review your pull request. The three fields below are mandatory. -->

## Summary:

Update androidx app compat to the latest version.

This is needed as part of https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49486 to have access to `fullyDrawnReporter`.

## Changelog:

[ANDROID] [CHANGED] - Update androidx app compat to 1.7.0

## Test Plan:

Tested in RN tester that it builds fine and works properly.


---

### reset transformation when crossing ScrollView in Fabric View Culling

> Issue #49500 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49500)

Summary:
changelog: [internal]

When crossing ScrollView boundary, cullingContext.transform must be reset to Transform.identity. Views are only culled within scroll view.

Differential Revision: D69787820




---

