### Migrate `MemoryPressureRouter` to Kotlin

> Issue #50048 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/50048)

## Summary:

Migrate com.facebook.react.MemoryPressureRouter to Kotlin.

## Changelog:

[INTERNAL] - Migrate com.facebook.react.MemoryPressureRouter to Kotlin

## Test Plan:

```bash
yarn test-android
yarn android
```

---

### Update modal wrapper to be translatable to TypeScript

> Issue #49923 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49923)

Summary: Changelog: [Internal]

Differential Revision: D70887822




---

### Fix PullToRefresh props casting

> Issue #49815 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49815)

Summary:
The pull to refresh component props's casting is imprecise.
This change uses the more precise type for the props.

## Changelog:
[Internal] - cast props to `PullToRefreshViewProps`

Reviewed By: sammy-SC

Differential Revision: D70559080




---

### Deploy 0.262.0 to xplat

> Issue #49708 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49708)

Summary: Changelog: [Internal]

Reviewed By: SamChou19815

Differential Revision: D70277654


---

### Add Classe to allow C++ TM registration in Swift

> Issue #49608 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49608)

Summary:
This Change introduces a new pod that can be imported by a Swift App Delegate.

This pod contains basic classes that allow the creation of pure C++ TM (with a very smal bridge of Objective-C++)  that can be registered in a Swift App delegate.

## Problem
As of today, it is not possible to create a pure C++ TM and to register it through a Swift AppDelegate

## Solution
We can create a pod that can be imported in a Swift AppDelegate and that offer some pure Objective-C classes.

These classes contains a provider that can be instantiated in Swift.

The TurboModule manager delegate will ask the AppDelegate about the presence of some provider that can instantiate a pure C++ turbomodule with a given name.

The provider has an empty interface, but the implementation contains a function that can actually instantiate the TM. The function is implemented in an Objective-C++ class that imports the pure C++ turbomodule and creates it.

The TMManager extends the provider through a category to attaach the signature of the function that is implemented by the provider.

The last diff in this stack contains an exaple on how to implement this.

## Changelog:
[iOS][Added] - Added the React-SwiftCompatibleNativeModules pod

Differential Revision: D69999280


---

