### Explicitly include hermes.h in RCTHostTests.mm

> Issue #50022 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/50022)

Summary: RCTHostTests.mm calls `makeHermesRuntime`, which is from `hermes.h`. Explicitly include the header so that RCTHostTests isn't getting it indirectly.

Differential Revision: D71146426




---

### generate-artifacts-executor: decompose into smaller files

> Issue #49905 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49905)

This diff breaks down generate-artifacts-executor into smaller files.

Differential Revision: D70795042


---

### Back out "fix: avoid race condition crash in [RCTDataRequestHandler invalidate]"

> Issue #49797 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49797)

Summary:
Backing D70314889 as it was breaking some internal tests.

I verified that before the backout the tests were failing and after the backout they were not.

## Changelog:
[iOS][Changed] - Reverted  fix: avoid race condition crash in [RCTDataRequestHandler invalidate].

Differential Revision: D70511155




---

### Enable DOM APIs by default in Fantom tests

> Issue #49690 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49690)

Summary:
Changelog: [internal]

We're shipping this soon and most tests already using DOM APIs to make assertions, so it's easier if we just "ship" in tests.

Differential Revision: D69307129




---

### Unbreak CI due to AP Kotlin code which fails to compile

> Issue #49589 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49589)

Summary:
We should not be attempting to compile anything related to the annotation
processor in either Kotlin or Java.
This excludes those folders from the Kotlin compilation task as the
CI is currently red because of it.

Changelog:
[Internal] [Changed] -

Differential Revision: D69981620




---

### Extracted the dependencies array to separate file

> Issue #49495 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pull/49495)

Summary:
This change extracts the dependencies array to a separate file. This is helpful because we can use this file as cache-key to determines whether we have to rebuild the artifacts or not.

This file is also bound to grow so it will make the script more manageable.

## Changelog:
[Internal] - Move the dependencies for ios prebuilds on a separate file

Reviewed By: cortinico

Differential Revision: D69779522




---

