### [DevTools Bug]: Copy to clipboard doesn't work

> Issue #31422 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31422)

### Website or app

https://www.arbounie.nl/

### Repro steps

1. Open the devtools to the Components tab
2. Select a component. I used the first Context.Provider, but I suspect it doesn't matter.
3. In the `props` panel, click the top-right "copy to clipboard" icon.
4. Observe what gets put into the clipboard.

### How often does this bug happen?

Every time

### DevTools package (automated)

_No response_

### DevTools version (automated)

_No response_

### Error message (automated)

_No response_

### Error call stack (automated)

_No response_

### Error component stack (automated)

_No response_

### GitHub query string (automated)

_No response_

---

### [Compiler Bug]: Discriminated unions with undefined cause compiler to blow up

> Issue #31420 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31420)

### What kind of issue is this?

- [X] React Compiler core (the JS output is incorrect, or your app works incorrectly after optimization)
- [ ] babel-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the Babel plugin)
- [ ] eslint-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the eslint plugin)
- [ ] react-compiler-healthcheck (build issue installing or using the healthcheck script)

### Link to repro

https://playground.react.dev/#N4Igzg9grgTgxgUxALhAFwJ4AcEAIAiAlmHDIQLaEB2AhmggCYCCuAvLsADpW67EDKUOIjBhkuNDCgIA3N14M6NccFwBrBBnFhJ1AOa4AvnKqHu3TDgLFSFanUYAhNh3l8wg4QlHiAZjQAbMFk3RTRlXCoEADcEGBMzKgtsPCISMkpaegYXNNtMh2ZcAB9rdLsspxNuOAgqHVwoYIBVKkI68QAKAEo2AD4y-Ptslx7+1x5cGAQ0WB5VASERMVx-ILxExO5fKCo4NHaeAA0xrkna+rRcOACIMFgEfCVxPIzhxhcmhFbDnpNeC4NBgQfgQcgzAAW+lGvVYAzOvF4hF8uE6AEJFl5RL0EYjeNNZjAkpNeIk8YCIAEEAA6W56To3O4PJ7halhGjUjQYbr-IxuAlzXAAHgYhGiuDqAGEAoQ4GpWMBgaDwWgoVQ9IY+kKAPSi6J9biGECGIA

### Repro steps

When you have a function that returns a discriminated union where an object can be undefined from a hook, you still need to add a property guard when accessing a nested property, because the compiler tries to check the value without knowing that it may be undefined.

This is a bit of a gotcha as Typescript is smart enough to allow this code through, but the compiler then blows up.

```
type DiscriminatedA = {
  isSuccess: true;
  data: { key: string };
}

type DiscriminatedB = {
  isSuccess: false;
  data: never;
}

type Discriminated = DiscriminatedA | DiscriminatedB;

const useUnion: () => Discriminated = () => {
  return { isSuccess: false }
}

function X() {
  const closureData: Discriminated = useUnion();
  const doSomething = () => {
    if (!isSuccess) {
      return
    }
    console.log(closureData.data.key);
  }
  return <div onClick={doSomething}></div>
}
```

If you do `closureData.data?.key` this works.

On a separate note, most of the issues we had previously with the compiler have been fixed, good work team.

### How often does this bug happen?

Every time

### What version of React are you using?

19.0.0-rc-02c0e824-20241028

### What version of React Compiler are you using?

19.0.0-beta-63b359f-20241101

---

