### Bug: multiple useTransition hook in a page turn to activate first one

> Issue #31312 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31312)

<!--
  Please provide a clear and concise description of what the bug is. Include
  screenshots if needed. Please test using the latest version of the relevant
  React packages to make sure your issue has not already been fixed.
-->

React version: 18.0.0

## Steps To Reproduce
As below codesandbox link
1. Click StartTransition2 button
2. see console show 'isPending true; isPending false'

<!--
  Your bug will get fixed much faster if we can run your code and it doesn't
  have dependencies other than React. Issues without reproduction steps or
  code examples may be immediately closed as not actionable.
-->

Link to code example: https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/usetransition-issue-68tfls?file=/src/App.js

<!--
  Please provide a CodeSandbox (https://codesandbox.io/s/new), a link to a
  repository on GitHub, or provide a minimal code example that reproduces the
  problem. You may provide a screenshot of the application if you think it is
  relevant to your bug report. Here are some tips for providing a minimal
  example: https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve.
-->

## The current behavior
1. Click StartTransition2 button
2. see console show 'isPending true; isPending false'


## The expected behavior
1. Click StartTransition2 button
2. see console show 'isPending2 true; isPending2 false'


## Note
Actually, I'm not really sure it's a bug or mine misunderstanding.
While hook is executed in function component by order (e.g. useState), each state hook memorize its own value, useTransition hook not do this in same way. I found it in another project, and simplify to codesandbox. The reason why I use two because I have two section in viewport relying on two sources (API) with different responding speed. I intend to let first response data show immediately and the other keep loading status by useTransition.



---

### [Compiler]: How to mark valtio's `useProxy`

> Issue #31311 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31311)

### What kind of issue is this?

- [X] React Compiler core (the JS output is incorrect, or your app works incorrectly after optimization)
- [ ] babel-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the Babel plugin)
- [X] eslint-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the eslint plugin)
- [ ] react-compiler-healthcheck (build issue installing or using the healthcheck script)

### Link to repro

https://github.com/nmay231/eslint-plugin-react-compiler-bug

### Repro steps

How to see issue with given repo:
1. Clone repo above.
2. Click the optimized button 5+ times. The child component stops rerendering since the prop no longer changes
3. Click the unoptimized button 5+ times. The child component keeps rerendering even though the function is safe to memoize.

When you pass a [valtio](https://github.com/pmndrs/valtio) proxy object to `useProxy`, it is safe to modify the resulting proxy object directly as a way to `setState`. Peeking at `Unoptimized.tsx`, in particular the button `onClick` handler:

```tsx
export function Unoptimized() {
    const state = useProxy(stateProxy)
    return (
        <>
            <p>Unoptimized</p>

            {/* Child continues to rerender even though props are the same */}
            <ChildComponent clicks={Math.min(state.clicks, 5)} />

            <button
                onClick={() => {
                    // Lint error: Mutating a value returned from a function whose return value should not be mutated
                    state.attr = !state.attr
                    stateProxy.clicks += 1
                    console.log(stateProxy.clicks)
                }}>
                Clicked {state.clicks}
            </button>
        </>
    )
}
```

## The problem

The compiler (and eslint plugin) fail to realize this is safe to optimize, aka this is a false negative. One workaround is to use `const state = useSnapshot(myProxy)` for reading from the proxy and to modify the proxy object directly (`myProxy.attr = ...`). Another is to manually optimize with `React.memo` where proxy objects are used, but that feels counter-productive.

The real question is, **Is there a way for valtio developers to mark `useProxy`'s return value as safe to mutate?**

Thanks.

<details>

<summary>
Steps to recreate repo from scratch
</summary>

1. `pnpm create vite`
4. `pnpm add -D eslint-plugin-react-compiler@beta`
5. `pnpm add react-compiler-runtime@beta babel-plugin-react-compiler@beta valtio`
6. Update eslint config to use plugin, and `vite.config.ts` to use babel plugin (skimming though [this guide](https://jherr2020.medium.com/react-compiler-with-react-18-1e39f60ae71a) helped me).
7. Create a proxy object, and use the proxy object using valtio's `useProxy` hook.
8. Modifying the proxy object should be safe to do, but the compiler rules are too simple to realize that it is safe.

</details>

### How often does this bug happen?

Every time

### What version of React are you using?

18.3.1

### What version of React Compiler are you using?

19.0.0-beta-8a03594-20241020

---

