### Bug: [Strict Mode] Inconsistent behavior updating reducer state in mount Effect vs. update Effect

> Issue #30712 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/30712)

When rendering an app using `<StrictMode />`, calling a reducer's `dispatch` function in an Effect appears to have different observable behaviors depending on whether the Effect is mounting or updating.

React version: 18.3.1

Steps to reproduce:

1. Dispatch a reducer action in an Effect where the reducer contains internal invariants depending on the current state (see reproduction below).
2. Render the component in `<StrictMode />`.
3. When the Effect dispatches on mount, the reducer's invariants can be violated causing an error to be thrown. The same does not occur when the Effect dispatches on update.

Minimal reproduction:

In this reproduction, both components call `useReducer` with a reducer function containing invariants, e.g. to prevent invalid states. For this reproduction, the reducer toggles a boolean value to `true` once and throws an error for any future dispatches. 

Each component then calls `useReducer's` `dispatch` function in an Effect. The reducer's invariant is only violated in `<MountEffectDispatch />`, not `<UpdateEffectDispatch />` even though _both_ are being double-invoked as part of `<StrictMode />`.

This specific way of surfacing the different behaviors between mount and update Effects is simplified from an app I'm developing so it may obfuscate the underlying issue (if there is one). 

This behavior isn't seen outside of `<StrictMode />`.

```tsx
function MountEffectDispatch() {
  const [value, dispatch] = useReducer((prevValue) => {
    if (prevValue) {
      throw new Error("Already true");
    }

    return !prevValue;
  }, false);

  useEffect(() => {
    dispatch();
  }, []);

  return <p>{String(value)}</p>;
}

function UpdateEffectDispatch() {
  const [value, dispatch] = useReducer((prevValue) => {
    if (prevValue) {
      throw new Error("Already true");
    }

    return !prevValue;
  }, false);

  // Will be used to defer dispatching to a later render
  const [mounted, setMounted] = useState(false);

  useEffect(() => {
    setMounted(true);
  }, []);

  useEffect(() => {
    if (!mounted) {
      return;
    }

    dispatch();
  }, [mounted]);

  return <p>{String(value)}</p>;
}


ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root')!).render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <UpdateEffectDispatch /> // or <MountEffectDispatch />
  </React.StrictMode>
);
```

## The current behavior

Reducer state updates in mount Effects behave differently from reducer state updates in update Effects when using `<StrictMode />`.

## The expected behavior

Reducer state updates should behave consistently in any Effect when using `<StrictMode />`.


---

### [React 19] RSC and `as` property pattern

> Issue #30706 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/30706)

## Summary

Many UI libraries adopt the `as` property pattern, especially for the Icon component.

```
<Icon as={ArrowIcon} />
```

This pattern is currently unsupported by server components, and requires to manually define client components for each icon one decides to use.

Is there a suggested alternative pattern the React team would like to promote? If not, do you think passing components as properties could be supported? In theory a component could be serialized (to a pointer) and then sent over HTTP, then the client could either dynamically import it, or the bundler could statically analyze it and bundle it on the client side code.

Alternatively, when a component is passed as property, the server component could inline the child component so that they are forced to be render together.

---

### [React 19]JSX asking that I should declare react at the top of the file

> Issue #30704 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/30704)

## Summary
Please I have a question. I am using React 19 canary version. It keeps asking that I should declare react at the top of the file and I know that was removed in v18 or so. Is it now a requirement or a bug?

Precisely the error says `'React' refers to a UMD global, but the current file is a module. Consider adding an import instead.ts(2686)`
<!--
  Please provide a CodeSandbox (https://codesandbox.io/s/new), a link to a
  repository on GitHub, or provide a minimal code example that reproduces the
  problem. You may provide a screenshot of the application if you think it is
  relevant to your bug report. Here are some tips for providing a minimal
  example: https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve.
-->


---

