### Bug: act warnings are not showing when running tests using Vitest but shows only in Jest. 

> Issue #31338 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31338)

I have a test that should trigger an act warning. When trying to run Jest and rendering the component it shows the act warnings as expected but when running vitest no act warnings are shown, I tried playing around with configuration file to see if console warnings/errors are disabled somehow but no luck.

I reached out to the Vitest team and it seems like nothing is happening from the vitest side and I'm suspecting that React is expecting jest to log this error somehow. https://github.com/vitest-dev/vitest/issues/6782


React version: 18.3.1

## Steps To Reproduce

1. Create a very simple react counter component with async state 
```
import React, { useState, useEffect } from "react";

const Counter = () => {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

  useEffect(() => {
    // Simulate an async state update, like a network request.
    const timer = setTimeout(() => {
      setCount(count + 1);
    }, 5000);

    return () => clearTimeout(timer);
  }, [count]);

  return (
    <div>
      <p>Count: {count}</p>
      <button onClick={() => setCount(count + 1)}>Increment</button>
    </div>
  );
};

export default Counter;
```
2. Run the following test:
```
import Counter from "../comp";
import { it } from "vitest";
import { createRoot } from "react-dom/client";

it("Counter", () => {
  const container = document.createElement("div");
  createRoot(container).render(<Counter />);

  const buttonElement = container.querySelector("button"); 
  buttonElement?.click();
});
```


The code example link below shows the same code examples above, just run `npm run test`.

Link to code example: https://stackblitz.com/edit/vitest-dev-vitest-zk9hnz?file=test%2Fcounter.test.tsx



## The current behavior
Test succeeds, no act warnings.

## The expected behavior
Test succeeds with act warnings like Jest.


---

### [React 19]

> Issue #31337 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31337)

## Summary

The react compiler may have a simpler solution while maintaining good old ecological compatibility

1. react does not require radical optimization

2. Rerendering of react is not really the problem

3. memo isn't the biggest headache in react

The problem with react is that large forms and large lists are slow, which is not the same as rerendering



Perhaps, the react team can try to make the compiler to correctly wrap if for only the part of ui changes, this is the most noteworthy place, to avoid the large list and modify a single form field to trigger the global form collective update, use starts with hook, as the root, will not be wrapped by if. Only consider whether data departing from use requires a package



If you can handle large forms and large amounts of data updating at the same time, as long as the card is not stuck, whether or not the memo and whether or not the re-render becomes less important

---

### [Compiler Bug]: `"use no memo"` Directive ignored by React Compiler Playground

> Issue #31331 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31331)

### What kind of issue is this?

- [X] React Compiler core (the JS output is incorrect, or your app works incorrectly after optimization)
- [ ] babel-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the Babel plugin)
- [x] eslint-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the eslint plugin)
- [ ] react-compiler-healthcheck (build issue installing or using the healthcheck script)

### Link to repro

https://playground.react.dev/#N4Igzg9grgTgxgUxALhAMygOzgFwJYSYAEAwhALYAOhCmOAFAJRHAA6xRrIUYCRmEIuQTkIXANzsiROITA4iAbVlYcAGiK8cZVQF0iAXiI8EAZRwBDHAnoAGRpI4wEOWMQA8AEzwA3AHzAKnQAvu4A9N7+jsEgwUA

### Repro steps

To reproduce the issue, create a simple React component and add the `"use no memo"` directive at the top of the function, like this:
```jsx
function Component() {
  "use no memo";
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);
  return <div>{count}</div>;
}
```
Even though the directive is there, the component still gets compiled, which shouldn’t happen according to the documentation. I’ve also tried placing the directive at the top of the file, and the behavior doesn't change.

To confirm, I tested this in different components and even in a fresh project, but the components keep getting compiled regardless of the directive.

The same result appears in the React Compiler Playground, showing that the `"use no memo"` directive is being ignored.


### How often does this bug happen?

Every time

### What version of React are you using?

19

### What version of React Compiler are you using?

19.0.0-beta-8a03594-20241020

---

### [Compiler]: Ref values (the `current` property) may not be accessed during render. (eslint)

> Issue #31330 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31330)

### What kind of issue is this?

- [ ] React Compiler core (the JS output is incorrect, or your app works incorrectly after optimization)
- [ ] babel-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the Babel plugin)
- [X] eslint-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the eslint plugin)
- [ ] react-compiler-healthcheck (build issue installing or using the healthcheck script)

### Link to repro

no

### Repro steps

```tsx
import { useEffect, useRef } from 'react'

type TOptional<T> = T | undefined

export function usePrevious<T>(value: T): TOptional<T> {
  const ref = useRef<TOptional<T>>()
  useEffect(() => {
    ref.current = value
  }, [value])
  return ref.current // error here.. 
}

```

What's wrong with this usePrevious hook ? 

### How often does this bug happen?

Every time

### What version of React are you using?

19 beta

### What version of React Compiler are you using?

beta

---

