### Bug:  useState is not getting updated inside Event Listener (Webrtc DataChannel).

> Issue #29860 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/29860)

useState is not getting updated inside Event Listener.
inside it stores previous value 
I'm developing simple tiic-tac-toe multi player react app using webrtc datachannel
where when i reset the game the peer game should have to be reset at that moment but inside the event it has some other value stored (previous)
React version:18.2.0

this is an rtcdatachannel event call
const receiveChannelCallback = (event) => {
      receiveChannel.current = event.channel;
      if(receiveChannel.current.label === "mouseChannel"){
        console.log('inside mouse channel receive side');
        handleMouseChannel(receiveChannel.current);
    }else if(receiveChannel.current.label === "messageChannel"){
      receiveChannel.current.onmessage = handleDChat;
      }else if(receiveChannel.current.label === "gameChannel"){
      receiveChannel.current.onmessage = handleDGame;

      }else if(receiveChannel.current.label === "resetChannel"){
      receiveChannel.current.onmessage = handleDReset;
      }
    }
  
      receivePc.ondatachannel = receiveChannelCallback;

const handleDGame = (e) => {
  console.log(matrix);
  const { data } = JSON.parse(e.data);
  const { preVal, r, c } = data;
 
    if (matrix[r][c] === "-") {
      setDisable(false);

      // Update preVal
      const newPreVal = preVal === "X" ? "O" : "X";
      setPreVal(newPreVal);

      // Use functional update to ensure the latest state
      setMatrix((prevMatrix) => {
          const newMatrix = [...prevMatrix];
          newMatrix[r][c] = preVal;
          
          const winner = checkWinner(newMatrix);
          if (winner) {
              setWinner(true);
              setWinVal(winner);
              setDraw(false);
              setDisable(true);
          } else if (!handleDraw(newMatrix)) {
              setDraw(true);
          }

          return newMatrix;
      });
  } 


Link to code example:

https://github.com/michaelnadar/tic_tac-tsc/blob/main/frontend-tsc/src/components/Room.tsx

## The current behavior
inside handleDGame while i m resetting the matrix value to its initial val it stores prev val

## The expected behavior
it has to update reset the matrix value inside handleDGame

---

### [React 19] useSyncExternalStore shim might break

> Issue #29854 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/29854)

## Summary

I just wanted to bring this to your attention - the `uSES` shim was previously packaged in a way that accessed `__SECRET_INTERNALS_DO_NOT_USE_OR_YOU_WILL_BE_FIRED` and the new 1.4 RC versions directly access `__CLIENT_INTERNALS_DO_NOT_USE_OR_WARN_USERS_THEY_CANNOT_UPGRADE`.

So either way, there will be versions of the `uSES` shim and React that will break when compiling them with each other.

Are there any planned workarounds or things we should know as package authors that rely on the shim, that we should communicate to our consumers? 
Should they pin their version?

---

### Bug:  Changes to marker references post-render are not updating in Safari

> Issue #29849 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/29849)

<!--
  Please provide a clear and concise description of what the bug is. Include
  screenshots if needed. Please test using the latest version of the relevant
  React packages to make sure your issue has not already been fixed.
-->

React version: 18.0.0
## Steps To Reproduce

1. Ensure you are using the most recent version of Safari, which is currently Version 17.5 (19618.2.12.11.6). The issue described does not manifest in Chrome or Firefox.
2. Construct an SVG layout that includes two distinct markers along with a path element.
3. Modify the marker-end attribute of the path element, switching from the first marker to the second, through a rendering cycle. This can be initiated by a state change (as demonstrated in my example, using setState).
4. Observe that the rendering cycle, which should alter the marker end color to blue (as per my code example), fails to update the marker end.

<!--
  Your bug will get fixed much faster if we can run your code and it doesn't
  have dependencies other than React. Issues without reproduction steps or
  code examples may be immediately closed as not actionable.
-->


---

### [React 19]

> Issue #29848 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/29848)

## Summary

<!--
  Please provide a CodeSandbox (https://codesandbox.io/s/new), a link to a
  repository on GitHub, or provide a minimal code example that reproduces the
  problem. You may provide a screenshot of the application if you think it is
  relevant to your bug report. Here are some tips for providing a minimal
  example: https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve.
-->

---

