### [compiler] "Rendered fewer hooks than expected" error when using a function that starts with an uppercase character

> Issue #31635 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31635)

### What kind of issue is this?

- [X] React Compiler core (the JS output is incorrect, or your app works incorrectly after optimization)
- [ ] babel-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the Babel plugin)
- [ ] eslint-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the eslint plugin)
- [ ] react-compiler-healthcheck (build issue installing or using the healthcheck script)

### Link to repro

https://playground.react.dev/#N4Igzg9grgTgxgUxALhASwLYAcIwC4AEwBUYCAyngIZ4IEC+BAZjBBgQOQwJVx4cAdAHaYc+AgCUefACIB5ALLNW7LtLwBaACZsA9HAA2aBEP7DhcCELCEpWVgQC8BABQBKJwD4iwggUvWhADaAPoANARkeJQ0CAC6TiRkMbQueDBQCG6+BNx4sEKuOX4APJ7FfgQlAEZQeHhWBFYAwkZwANaOwO5ekQjR1KnVvQCE1W70ngpU7XQYdHAwVGAAFiW6tfVW5YWVpViewM0raAZazWw4QiZ47vTrBxXrO37ZQvTmQgE2BMen55crDdEj1HN5gDk8gUqp5AImE-ja7QIeBWdE2DSEz2EHyEwikvDw8gUADpFjxaBIIBBbjo4FB5qZiQBzfoAUQMCAZeAAQgBPACSWhcXCp-DcbmJ3CEWgQMBcJTsDl0njeIHoQA

### Repro steps

The application crashes when clicking the button. The the local state of `Repro` changes so it re-rendereds and that's when the error is triggered.

- If the `ChildComponent` function is renamed to `childComponent`, the issue disappears.
- If the `ChildComponent` function is refactored to an arrow function with implicit return, the issue disappears: `const ChildComponent = () => <>↑ click the button</>`
- When rendering the child component as usual (`<ChildComponent />` the error is not triggered). I know that should be the normal thing to do, but I had this problem because a third party library was expecting children components being of a specific types. I started doing regular components and when I noticed that limitation I changed them to function calls and that's when I found this problem in the react compiler.

This issue doesn't happen when the application is built without the `babel-plugin-react-compiler` plugin.


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/84bda515-7280-48b1-a679-971d58cc6840





### How often does this bug happen?

Every time

### What version of React are you using?

18.3.1

### What version of React Compiler are you using?

19.0.0-beta-0dec889-20241115

---

### Bug: web animation cancel() followed by animate() behave oddly when requestAnimationFrame's involved

> Issue #31634 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31634)

See repro: [tinyurl.com/4u85ehnh](https://t.co/3eMtHJfEQ5)

Video of the glitch: https://x.com/_chenglou/status/1860978002643063054

Tldr on button click I cancel the existing animation and in `useLayoutEffect` I start a new one. The animation goes from translate 100px to 200px. However, clicking on the button will show a split second glitched unstyled view of the animated text (position at 0px) before jumping to 100px and animating to 200px. Commenting out the `requestAnimationFrame` wrapper inside `handleClick` solves it.

Happens across Chrome, Safari and Firefox.

Notes:
- The rAF happens on the same frame as everything else, so there shouldn't be any visible DOM repaint
- Even if the rAF is executed later, it'd means `cancel()` is executed _later_, which should hide the unstyled visual, not reveal it
- Although, the fact is that rAF can be _scheduled_ earlier, if this is relevant: https://x.com/nomsternom/status/1853687984266055983 (original post unrelated to this issue)
- You can check the difference in console.logs. The microtask log result & order is different. The logs themselves (including getComputedStyle which forces reflows) don't disturb this repro
- FWIW, I was wondering whether the first frame of `animate()` is skipped when `cancel()` is done in the rAF, and it seems it's preserved. Another debugging video (first 6 times glitching, 7th time not) below. The first frame's position is 100px, which is where the red square is. For alignment. Here:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c7a9a21f-57e7-4123-bac5-8a07a02741f4

I'd also like to be able to get a clean, React-less repro but not sure how complicated that'd be.

---

### RequestUpdateLane render phase update comment says not supported

> Issue #31633 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31633)

Apologies for not following the template but this isn't a bug but also isn't about docs on react.dev - it's about a comment in the code.

While debugging a render phase setState call, I noticed `requestUpdateLane` has a comment about render phase updates not being officially supported:

https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/7670501b0dc1a97983058b5217a205b62e2094a1/packages/react-reconciler/src/ReactFiberWorkLoop.js#L673-L682

However the docs recommend using a render phase update to adjust state when props change: https://react.dev/learn/you-might-not-need-an-effect#adjusting-some-state-when-a-prop-changes

```
function List({ items }) {
  const [isReverse, setIsReverse] = useState(false);
  const [selection, setSelection] = useState(null);

  // Better: Adjust the state while rendering
  const [prevItems, setPrevItems] = useState(items);
  if (items !== prevItems) {
    setPrevItems(items);
    setSelection(null);
  }
  // ...
}
```

Is this comment out of date?

---

