### Bug: React DOM's renderToPipeableStream generates HTML that breaks §13.2.6.3 of the HTML standard

> Issue #32076 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/32076)

<!--
  Please provide a clear and concise description of what the bug is. Include
  screenshots if needed. Please test using the latest version of the relevant
  React packages to make sure your issue has not already been fixed.
-->

React version: 19.0.0

## Steps To Reproduce

1. Clone code example below
2. Run with `npm start` or `tsx .`
3. Open http://localhost:3000
4. See rendering different from actual HTML

Link to code example: https://github.com/gabrielmfern/reproduction-implied-end-tags-react-ssr

## The current behavior

HTML currently gets rendered in a way that can be considered as invalid per what is described [here](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/parsing.html#closing-elements-that-have-implied-end-tags) in the HTML standard. This can cause issues for parsing the HTML before getting it to the browser, and it can also lead to unexpected behavior when in the browser.

Here's the freshly-rendered HTML:

```html
<p>
  First
  <div>...</div>
  Text in between paragraphs
</p>
```
<!-- The above </p> doesn't even get properly highlighted on GitHub either -->

Here's the HTML after getting into Chromium:

```html
<p>
  First
</p>
<div>...</div>
Text in between paragraphs
<p></p>
```

## The expected behavior

That React itself would render an output as close to the HTML on the browser as possible. Or, a bit less opinionated stance, would be to at least expect valid, in the sense of the standard, HTML.

---

### [compiler] "Rendered fewer hooks than expected" error when using a function that starts with an uppercase character

> Issue #31635 - [View on GitHub](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/31635)

### What kind of issue is this?

- [X] React Compiler core (the JS output is incorrect, or your app works incorrectly after optimization)
- [ ] babel-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the Babel plugin)
- [ ] eslint-plugin-react-compiler (build issue installing or using the eslint plugin)
- [ ] react-compiler-healthcheck (build issue installing or using the healthcheck script)

### Link to repro

https://playground.react.dev/#N4Igzg9grgTgxgUxALhASwLYAcIwC4AEwBUYCAyngIZ4IEC+BAZjBBgQOQwJVx4cAdAHaYc+AgCUefACIB5ALLNW7LtLwBaACZsA9HAA2aBEP7DhcCELCEpWVgQC8BABQBKJwD4iwggUvWhADaAPoANARkeJQ0CAC6TiRkMbQueDBQCG6+BNx4sEKuOX4APJ7FfgQlAEZQeHhWBFYAwkZwANaOwO5ekQjR1KnVvQCE1W70ngpU7XQYdHAwVGAAFiW6tfVW5YWVpViewM0raAZazWw4QiZ47vTrBxXrO37ZQvTmQgE2BMen55crDdEj1HN5gDk8gUqp5AImE-ja7QIeBWdE2DSEz2EHyEwikvDw8gUADpFjxaBIIBBbjo4FB5qZiQBzfoAUQMCAZeAAQgBPACSWhcXCp-DcbmJ3CEWgQMBcJTsDl0njeIHoQA

### Repro steps

The application crashes when clicking the button. The the local state of `Repro` changes so it re-rendereds and that's when the error is triggered.

- If the `ChildComponent` function is renamed to `childComponent`, the issue disappears.
- If the `ChildComponent` function is refactored to an arrow function with implicit return, the issue disappears: `const ChildComponent = () => <>↑ click the button</>`
- When rendering the child component as usual (`<ChildComponent />` the error is not triggered). I know that should be the normal thing to do, but I had this problem because a third party library was expecting children components being of a specific types. I started doing regular components and when I noticed that limitation I changed them to function calls and that's when I found this problem in the react compiler.

This issue doesn't happen when the application is built without the `babel-plugin-react-compiler` plugin.


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/84bda515-7280-48b1-a679-971d58cc6840





### How often does this bug happen?

Every time

### What version of React are you using?

18.3.1

### What version of React Compiler are you using?

19.0.0-beta-0dec889-20241115

---

